Glossary patch june 2020 (#219)
Agoric/documentation: main/glossary/README.md

the maker of the mint and could be deceptive, but is useful for debugging and double-checking.

The AllegedName must be a string.

> <a name="AmountMath"></a>

Reviewer: Are the HTML anchors redundant with the header lines? Doesn't MarkDown create anchors for every header?

## AmountMath
AmountMath executes the logic of how amounts are changed when digital assets are merged, separated,
or otherwise manipulated. For example, a deposit of 2 bucks into a purse that already has 3 bucks 
gives a new balance of 5 bucks. An empty purse has 0 bucks. AmountMath relies heavily on polymorphic
[MathHelpers](#MathHelpers), which manipulate an `amount`'s [extent](#Extents) or unbranded portion.
See the [ERTP Guide's AmountMath section](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/guide/amount-math.html) for more information.

<a name="Amounts"></a>
## Amounts
Amounts are the canonical description of tradable goods. They are manipulated
by issuers and mints, and represent the goods and currency carried by purses and
payments. They can be used to represent things like currency, stock, and the
abstract right to participate in a particular exchange.

An amount is comprised of a [brand](#Brands) with an [extent](#Extents).

See the [ERTP Guide's Amounts section](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/guide/amounts.html) for more information.

## AssetHolder
Purses and Payments are AssetHolders.

> <a name="Brands"></a>

Reviewer: I can see duplicating the anchor declaration in cases where you want singular and plural links to both work.

right, or an arbitrary object representing the rights at issue. The latter two examples 
are usually [non-fungible](#Non-fungible) assets. Extents must be [Comparable](#Comparable).

See the [ERTP Guide's Extent section](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/guide/extent.html) for more information.

<a name="Fungible"></a>
## Fungible
A fungible asset is one where all exemplars of the asset are interchangable. For example, if you 
have 100 one dollar bills and need to pay someone five dollars, it does not matter which
five one dollar bills you use. Also see [non-fungible](#Non-fungible).

## Handle
A handle is a unique identifier implemented as a JavaScript object. Only its identity is meaningful, so handles do not have properties. Unlike number or string identifiers, handles are unforgeable. This means the only way to know a handle identity is being given an object reference, and no identity can be guessed and no fake identity will succeed. 

For example, Zoe often uses `offerHandle` to refer to offers. Zoe contracts can use an offer's `offerHandle` as the key for requesting the current allocation of an offer or reallocating the offer's assets.

> <a name="Issuers"></a>

Reviewer: It would be nice to maintain the blank line between sections. (It won't change the displayed text, but it's sometimes easier to edit that way.

payments). An issuer from a trusted source can determine if an untrusted payment of
its asset type is valid. 

See the [ERTP Guide's Issuer section](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/guide/issuer.html) for more information.

<a name="MathHelpers"></a>
## MathHelpers
A set of methods for performing arithmetic operations on an [amount's](#Amounts) [extent](#Extents). 
[AmountMath](#AmountMath) uses MathHelpers to do extent arithmetic, after which it brands
the result to create a new [amount](#Amounts). For more information, see the 
[MathHelpers ERTP Guide entry](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/guide/math-helpers.html).
<a name="Mints"></a>
## Mint
In ERTP, mints create digital assets and are the only objects with the authority to do so. 
Access to a mint gives you the power to create more digital assets of its type at will. 
Mints are [issuer's](#Issuers) admin facets, and there is a one-to-one relationship between an issuer and
its mint.

See the [ERTP Guide's Mint section](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/guide/mint.html) for more information.

<a name="Non-fungible"></a>
## Non-fungible

> A non-fungible asset is one where exemplars of the asset have unique individual properties and

Reviewer 2: "exemplars of the asset" reads strangely to me and probably won't be well understood for anyone with English as a second language

If references can only be obtained by creation, construction, or introduction, you may have a safe system. If they can be obtained in any other way, your system is unsafe.

For more information, see [Douglas Crockford on Object Capabilities](https://frontendmasters.com/courses/good-parts-javascript-web/object-capabilities/).
<a name="Payments"></a>
## Payment

> Payments hold [amounts](#Amounts) of certain rights **(tyg todo: I'd like to change "rights" to "assets". OK?)** 

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I like the choice to use "assets"

issued by [Mints](#Mints). Specifically amounts that are *in transit* from one party to another. 

> Amounts from payments can be deposited in [purses](#Purses), but otherwise, the entire amount is 
> available when the payment is transferred. Payments can be converted to [Purses](#Purses). All contents 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amounts from payments can be deposited in [purses](#Purses). A payment must be used up in its entirety by being deposited, split into smaller payments or combined into a larger payment. Payments can be converted to [Purses](#Purses). All contents 
```

I know this was in the original but it sounds very weird to me on rereading. Maybe take out the second part?

of a purse must be of the same [brand](#Brands).

See the [ERTP Guide's Payments section](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/guide/issuer.html#payments)
for more information.

<a name="Presences"></a>
## Presence
A local version of a remote object that serves as a proxy for the remote object. 
If `obj` is a presence of a remote object, you can send messages to the remote object by using `E()` on `obj`. 
See the [JavaScript Distributed Programming Guide](https://agoric.com/documentation/distributed-programming.html) for more information. 
<a name="Purses"></a>
## Purse

> Purses hold [amounts](#Amounts) of certain [mint](#Mints) issued rights **(tyg todo: Change "rights" to "assets"?)**. Specifically amounts that are _stationary_. Purses can transfer part of their held balance to a [payment](#Payments), which is usually used to transfer value. A purse's contents are all of the same [brand](#Brands).

Reviewer 2: Yeah, "assets" is good.
